# whitepaper
1 Introduction As human beings we are usually first exposed to the gift economy of our families and tight knit communities: goods and services are provided without an explicit agreement for immediate or future rewards, but the exchange of love, kindness, and confidence. As the relationship circle is enlarged this mutual trust weakens, but the urge and willingness to cooperate does not diminish: this is when the need for an exchange economy arises. [Hayek Money: The Cryptocurrency Price Stability Solution] Cryptocurrency is a digital asset and becoming popular after the success of different crypto tokens in the market. The main technology behind the development and success of cryptocurrencies is blockchain technology. This modern technology work on the principle of decentralization. It provides better security, safety, and privacy. It reduces the risk of business and allows transparency with the key feature of decentralization. The memes Tokens gained fame in the 2021 bull market where currencies such as Dogecoin and Shiba inu hit market capitalization billions, turning thousands of small investors into millionaires in a matter of months.Turning into a real fever, accompanied by major marketing campaigns.  1.1 Blockchain Infrastructure Blockchain Technology can enhance the basic services that are essential in traditional finance and it has the potential to become the foundation for decentralized business models, empowering entrepreneurs and innovators with all the right tools. By means of a trustless and distributed infrastructure, blockchain technology is optimizing transactional costs and allows the rise of decentralized, innovative, inter-operable, borderless and transparent applications which facilitate open access and encourage permissionless innovations. [Bitcoin: A Peer-To-Peer Electronic Cash System (2009)]. Binance Smart Chain (BSC) is a blockchain that was developed as a means of utilizing solidity-based smart contracts with much greater speed and efficiency than other, competing chains. With decentralized exchanges on BSC offering lightning-fast swaps and extremely low fees, BSC has started to become one of the most widely used blockchains for Decentralized Finance (Defi). BSC uses a token protocol developed by the Binance Team called BEP-20.  Binance Smart Chain is unique for several reasons:  • It’s a sovereign blockchain, which will provide security and safety to all users and developers.  • Its native dual chain interoperability will allow cross-chain communication and scaling of high-performance dApps that require a fast and smooth user experience  • It’s EVM-compatible and will support all of the existing Ethereum toolings along with faster and cheaper transactions.  • on-chain governance with Proof of Staked Authority consensus, built on 21 validators who validate the transactions, will provide decentralization and enable significant community involvement.  2 What is PEACOCK?  ”When you come to the appointed place at the appointed time and meet some person, introduce yourself as Peacock. If they do the same, then you have met a special person.” - Peacock Token is a fan-driven deflationary meme token that came to dominate the meme game. appears as the father of Shiba Inu, the real Dogecoin Killer, is a deflationary BEP20 token that aims to propose an alternative to Dogecoin’s infinite supply and be an improved version of Shiba Inu, without the high fees of the ethereum network, protection against damage from diving and preventing dumping of whales. After each transaction there is a 10% burnout, this is to supply and increase demand, you can relax and watch your Peacock investment grow, the community aims to establish itself as Smart Chain’s biggest token meme our goal is to build a strong squad that will HODL their Peacock and never sell, with the aim of bringing the price of Peacock to a $1 dollar. Do not be greedy, we need all the support from the community so that you never sell all your Peacock at the same time, due to the demand there may not be liquidity available making its value fall, when you believe it is necessary, just remove the invested amount, let’s make this the first meme coin to reach $1.               2.1 Tokenomics  Peacock is a token that has an inelastic supply, which means that each transaction made, its offer is reduced in order to add value to the asset. To ensure a fair distribuition we have decided to burn 50% of the total supply. 42% of the supply is currentyly serving a life sentence at PancakeSwap correctional facility and is never getting out an 8% for Marketing and Dev team.  • Total Supply: 420,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000  • 50% Tokens Burnt Wallet: 0x000000000000000000000000000000000000dead  • 42% locked in Pancakeswap Pancakeswap Address: 0x52F778A1E1c12C5520Be9a31511a8A256F0b1065  • 8% Team wallet  Dev wallet: 0xe4b8141Ef61f7eb8601b71399aF7855256d1c414  Marketing wallet: 0x1dC6d1c6d518B409CcdeDb256b2a0296Ac263e0d  Exchange liquidity: 0x12B08D7FA6C0913809EAE575FdDeC61f84aCABaD  • 10% of fees burned with each transaction.     Figure 1:      3 Community Our main objective is to build a strong community, where people from all over the world can exchange experiences and debate issues of global interest, using Peacock as a utility token. If a community is well maintained and constantly expanded, this can result ina trusting relationship between the target group and the Peacock, which can lay the foundation for loyal and stable repeat users.  3.1 Dip Damage Protection We have designed a Dip Damage Protection Mechanism Wallet where people from the community can contribute anything above $10 in BNB (BEP20) to make the protection stronger, so no whales will be able to beat our protection, members will be able to see all the transactions on blockchain happening in the Dip Damage Protection wallet.  3.2 Warning PEACOCK tokens is purely entertainment, not an investment. Purely an experimental GAME. Before purchasing PEACOCK tokens, you must ensure that the nature, complexity, and risks inherent in the trading of cryptocurrency are suitable for your objectives in light of your circumstances and financial position. You should only purchase PEACOCK to have fun and to experience this experimental game with us. Many factors outside of the control of PEACOCK Token will affect the market price, including, but not limited to, national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist, military, and other events, adverse or positive news events and publicity, and generally extreme, uncertain, and volatile market conditions. Extreme changes in price may occur at any time, resulting in a potential loss of value, complete or partial loss of purchasing power, and difficulty, or a complete inability to sell or exchange your digital currency. PEACOCK tokens shall be under no obligation to purchase or to broker the purchase back from you of your cryptocurrency in circumstances where there is no viable market for the purchase of the same. None of the content published in this paper constitutes a recommendation that any particular cryptocurrency, portfolio of cryptocurrencies, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. None of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value, or suitability of any particular cryptocurrency, portfolio of cryptocurrencies, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. The products and services presented may only be purchased in jurisdictions in which their marketing and distribution are authorized. Play at your own risk and may the odds be ever in your favor.  References BITCOIN: A PEER-TO-PEER ELECTRONIC CASH SYSTEM. Internet: Satoshi Nakamoto, v. 1, 2009. Dispon´ıvel em: https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf. Acesso em: 30 maio 2021. WANG, Qin; LI, Rujia;  WANG, Qi; CHEN, Shiping. Non-Fungible Token (NFT): Overview, Evaluation, Opportunities and Challenges. Arxiv.Org, [s. l], p. 1-1, 2021. Cornel University. Dispon´ıvel em: 2105.07447. Acesso em: 30 maio 2021.  Hayek Money: The Cryptocurrency Price Stability Solution
